# My Portfolio Website

This is a website showcasing my portfolio and projects, created using Hugo and HTML. The website includes an About Me section, a Projects section, and others.

## Getting Started

To get started with the website, simply clone the repository to your local machine and run the following commands:


```bash
$ hugo server
```
This will start a local server that you can use to preview the website. Simply navigate to http://localhost:1313/ in your web browser to view the website.

## Folder Structure

The website is organized as follows:

```css
my_portfolio/
├── config.toml
├── content/
│   ├── about/
│   ├── contact/
│   └── projects/
├── layouts/
├── static/
│   ├── css/
│   ├── img/
│   └── js/
└── themes/
```
- ```config.toml```: Contains the configuration settings for the website, such as the site title, author name, and menu items.
- ```content/```: Contains the Markdown files for the About Me, Projects, and Contact Me sections of the website.
- ```layouts/```: Contains the HTML templates for the website.
- ```static/```: Contains the CSS, images, and JavaScript files for the website.
- ```themes/```: Contains the Hugo theme used for the website.

## Customizing the Website

To customize the website, you can modify the content in the ```content/``` folder, the HTML templates in the ```layouts/``` folder, and the CSS, images, and JavaScript files in the ```static/``` folder. You can also choose a different Hugo theme by replacing the ```themes/``` folder with another theme.

## Deployment

To deploy the website, you can simply upload the contents of the ```public/``` folder (generated by running the hugo command) to your web server or hosting provider.

## Built With

[Hugo](https://gohugo.io) - The static site generator used to create the website.
HTML - The markup language used to create the website.

## Author

Chukwudi Ofoma - [My Website](https://ochudi.netlify.app/)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.